yes it's around out boots Oh into
friends and my grandchildren that also
know Batman yeah yeah that is a good
thing that look like okay I'm glad
there's miss Lauren we have to go drink
so that's god damn it you guys we have
to go drink
it's pretty quiet here right now it's
kind of like
Oh
pretty cool that's a really fun
oh my words about James has been
redeemed we need to get every friend who
has made fun of him on camera about
having not seen Star Wars
because honesty receive Star Wars I'm
understand it is like I admit I saw I
saw I gotta say I did Cory bye doll made
me watch like 35-40 minutes of it and
then I was like I can't I can't do that
I was like I can't do this it's just
there's like seven okay wait how many
are there there's nine how about now
there will be nine there's six right now
but there's going to be other three the
making or something yeah so I've never
seen Star Wars but how about the
princess bride okay cuz I made him watch
it he said the fences he said it was
stupid
I
Oh
that's like the best thing ever